lalalala singing lalala lalalala lalala
thanks a lot
get real sick and tired of being dragged
all over the place whoa
you're the biggest orange I've ever seen
what I'm not an orange aah you must be
my big brother I'm not your brother
yeah you are I'm Orange you're Orange
we're both oranges I'm not an orange I'm
a pumpkin pumpkin
don't you mean pumpkin your you ha ha ha
that's real funny hey pumpkin it's
pumpkin hey hey pumpkin
what how'd you get so plump look in want
to see a trick not really
that's not even a trick hey pumpkin it's
pumpkin hey pumpkin
what can you touch your eyeball with
your tongue no yummy you try it yet try
it
mmm don't want to try Oh almost and you
stop that I almost got it orange knock
it off
you're not trying oh my god stop red
what you know I'm a pretty relaxed guy
most of the time and it takes a lot to
get me riled but you you are driving me
crazy
and I've only been here on what a minute
you don't shut up it's pumpkin pumpkin
not orange not pumpkin and I'm not your
brother
what what is it why you mumbling and
making that face
nice take that guy's life away
oh no he's carrying your insides out hey
hey pumpkin hey pumpkin
hey hey pumpkin somebody caused a face
on your flight
hey who turned out the lights